Starting changelog (#775)
langchain-ai/langsmith-docs: docs/evaluation/how_to_guides/manage_datasets_in_application.mdx

### Edit example metadata

> You can add metadata to your examples by clicking on an example and then clicking "Edit" on the top righthandside of the popover.

Author: ```suggestion
You can add metadata to your examples by clicking on an example and then clicking "Edit" on the top righthand side of the popover.
```
